Review 1: arrived on time, looks like new, very pleased
Review 2: Phone arrived quickly and has worked perfectly. Thank you.
Review 3: Looks and features!
Review 4: Everything was very smooth.
Review 5: Everything was exactly as described and arrived promptly.
Review 6: Fast delivery. Phone's condition was as advertised.
Review 7: Looks and operates as new.
Review 8: Speedy delivery and phone was even in better state than advertised with extras. Great seller!
Review 9: great phone and price
Review 10: Arrived quickly and phone works great. Great service!
Review 11: Recommended seller, very good product as description
Review 12: Great phone
Review 13: Perfect. no flaws. Exactly as described. Thank you!
Review 14: Arrived quickly, exactly as described. Thanks!
Review 15: Fast shipping
Review 16: thx
Review 17: No surprises. Quick delivery. Thank you.
Review 18: Looks brand new
Review 19: Awesome
Review 20: Phone came as described, apart from a small scratch on the bottom left of the screen (expected since description said it could have them) the phone was in pretty good condition. Totally worth it for the price. Shipping was quick and the phone was also packaged securely. A charger (not original) was included inside the box and a SIM ejection tool was also included, the latter I don't see many sellers include so thank you very much for that! Would definitely buy again from this seller!
Review 21: It came sooner that I was expecting, when I got the package and opened it up I was very pleased on the detail of the shipping package it was in. When I opened it up the phone looked just like it was described. I am very happy with the phone and it's condition. I am very happy with the ebay seller on his description of the item and the speedy delivery. I would recommend this seller to anyone who is looking for a phone at a honost and decent price
Review 22: Item arrived quickly and POS have very nicely. Came with a brand new charging cord and box and the phone was in revengeful coverture just as the listing stated. Very happy with my purchase and with this seller. Received an email after purchasing to activate my one year warranty and the process was all smooth and seamless. Highly recommend. Five stars
Review 23: Excellent prices and model choices. Superbly packaged for shipping. The 1 year warranty was emailed to me prior to shipping. Will save as a favorite seller.
Review 24: Arrived fast, delivered exactly as described, well-packed and great communication! Absolutely would do business again with vendor (and am, purchasing another shortly), highly recommend!
Review 25: Pleasure do deal with ! AA++ *T*H*A*N*K* YOU* !! for being a TOP 5 ★★★★★ eBayer ! Quality items, fairly priced, helpfull, friendly courtesy and just as described - swift shipping - excellent packaging - Highest recommendations !***! ª★¨¨˜ ª★¨¨˜ ª★¨¨˜ ª ... Thank you very much!
Review 26: This transaction was fantastic. The phone I purchased was as described, packaged professionally, and I was able to activate it immediately upon its arrival, which was on-time. I've already reached out to this seller to thank them for getting my order shipped within minutes of me paying for it and they responded right away. Highly recommend this shop, you won't regret any purchases made through them. Top notch.
Review 27: Excellent seller, fast shipping, and watch just as described. Very minor scuffs on exterior, but don't affect function. Came with working charger and new-looking band. Only thing was at first, battery was draining in less than 24 hours. I contacted seller to ask about changing the battery and if that might fix the fast drain. Seller responded right away, very kindly said I could exchange the watch or get a refund. I discovered battery saver mode and am now happy with it! A+++++
Review 28: Came as expected. No damage to the frame however there is a micro scratch on the screen but it isn't a big deal. Battery was at 99% health and easily lasts all day still. Shipping was fast and came packed nice and protective. I would absolutely recommend them to anyone because they were fast, easy, fair priced, came as described, and nothing was wrong with the phone.
Review 29: Excelente servicio, buena comunicación y descripción del producto. El paquete me llegó mucho antes de lo esperado. Gracias mil.
Review 30: Product was as advertised, packaged appropriately, and was delivered quickly. Excellent communication. Seller A+++++
Review 31: Product was as advertised, packaged appropriately, and was delivered quickly. Excellent communication. Seller A+++++
Review 32: The condition of the phone was as described, Excellent! There's one small scratch on the frame right next to the glass. An artifact of the referb is my guess. Cellfeee is a blazingly fast shipper. When they saw I was looking at phone they sweetened the pot with free upgrade to two day shipping and finally 10% off. No doubt Cellfeee made money. I hope so. I intend to buy my next phone from them. Communication was superb. All in all I couldn't seriously expect more. A+
Review 33: Excellent seller with great communication, very customer-friendly. The item came in careful packaging as described. Highly recommended seller - 5 stars!
Review 34: I purchased my s21 plus last Friday. It arrived quick and well packaged. The phone was in the condition as described, a few scratches but nothing to noticeable. It was quick and easy to set my service up, and so far it's been a great phone. Shop with them you will not regret it. I'll be purchasing again from this seller in the future. Thanks Cellfree for an awesome phone.
Review 35: Absolutely perfect! Great transaction. Fast shipping. Great communication. Great warranty. Item came and appears in perfect condition. Love it! Great price. Very pleased
Review 36: Item as described, and arrived fast. Got it for a very competitive price. Thank you! Tested it for a week and everything works good. Phone came torn charger, and packaging was good.
Review 37: I like the price of it and when it showed up it was in a in a little box unwrapped it and there was no disappointment good seller
Review 38: Excellent Seller. The item arrived exactly as described. Fast shipping and the seller was always quick to respond. Overall had a positive experience. I will deal with him again A+++++++++++++++++++++
Review 39: I was nervous on ordering this phone since it was "good" condition and the description made it seem like the phone may have cosmetic defects and when I received the phone I could not find any flaws!! Literally felt like I opened a brand new z fold 4, the service, response time, and shipping is second to none. I highly recommend this seller!!!!
Review 40: I am very satisfied with the purchase, the shipping times, and the packaging. The item fully matches the description and is of excellent quality. Great seller, highly recommend.
Review 41: I’m still waiting for my SIM card from my carrier, but item was shipped and received in a timely manner. Phone seems to be as advertised. Seller was very easy to work with. I wish I had found a 128 go in my price range, but this one will suffice. Thank you Cellfree.
Review 42: Phone arrive quickly and was in the excellent condition as advertised. I had a question of the seller and it was also answered promptly. I would recommend this seller for sure and so far am very satisfied. I had to wait a week to leave feedback because my cell provider had to send me a new sim card and it was slow getting here due to holiday weekend.
Review 43: Communication was excellent, phone was as described, in very good condition, price was reasonable, shipping was fast and free. A+ seller. Thanks!
Review 44: Phone arrived as described and was shipped out very quickly after payment. Would highly recommend this seller as they have great communication, great quality products and includes a year warranty with purchase.
