Review 1: Great phone. I've used a pixel 6 for several years. My last one got screen broke (still using it), and this one is perfect.
Review 2: It came in just two days! It wasn't supposed to be here until Tuesday of next week/ what a great surprise! I've been working with it since it arrived and I'm still learning about Google... I will update if I have any issues... But so far so good! Phone is clean with hardly any blemishes! The price was definitely a great deal! Thank you!!
Review 3: Fast shipping. Good quality phone. A few more scratches on the screen than I expected but otherwise as described
Review 4: Price is well worth it. Looks great love the size. Have yet to use it personally. Waiting on my case to arrive first
Review 5: Arrived in great physical and working condition. No issues so far. Shipping was very quick.
Review 6: Great price, came with 1 year warranty, looks BRAND NEW. Very fast shipping, excellent eBay transaction.
Review 7: I'm very impressed with the condition of this device, it's a "very good" condition but looks like new. The shipping was very fast, come in Miami in 3 days
Review 8: Excellent seller! Packaging was lovely, shipping was fast and hassle free. Beautiful phone in fantastic condition, comes with a charging cable at a great price!
Review 9: Pleasure do deal with ! AA++ *T*H*A*N*K* YOU* !! for being a TOP 5 ★★★★★ eBayer ! Quality items, fairly priced, helpfull, friendly courtesy and just as described - swift shipping - excellent packaging - Highest recommendations !***! ª★¨¨˜ ª★¨¨˜ ª★¨¨˜ ª ... Thank you very much!
Review 10: As advertised great condition and great price and fast shipping. Very very pleased with purchase.
Review 11: Product as described. Working fine. Cosmetically very nice.
Review 12: The phone can in superb condition‼️
Review 13: Fast delivery and excellent condition.the pixel looks brand new
Review 14: Pretty new even though it is used. Very satisfied.
Review 15: THE best purchase I have made. It is fast, it is responsive, it is SO sleek, the condition is great for the price, I highly recommend these guys.
Review 16: excellent service!!, the pixel 6 pro cell phone arrived without problems before the stipulated day, in terms of aesthetics it is in very good condition, I cannot notice signs of use. The equipment arrives as described, in a generic box with a cable and charger, in the section on the operation of the equipment it is perfect, the battery arrived with 98% health.I have no complaints and I recommend this seller.
Review 17: Very Good Cell Phone minimal wear. It Functions well so far. I do recommend this seller their items. Quick shipping. Thanks!
Review 18: Great phone for awesome price for the Very good condition refurb n it looks brand new other than tiny chip on the screen but better than was expecting especially for $280 can't beat it
Review 19: It's safe to say that I was anticipating the arrival of this package and so far it has been working flawlessly. Battery works great, screen looks clean and the camera does what it was intended to. Thank you!
Review 20: The phone arrived next day, and in very good condition. There are a couple of chips on the body, but I plan on getting a case as the phone is slippery. Was easy to set up my Google account and transfer my existing apps by way of backup. Overall I will definitely purchase from this seller again.
Review 21: Phone was Excellent condition. Works perfect. no issues.
Review 22: The cell phone came in very good condition as advertise with clean Android software. Very please with seller communications and the phone. Highly recommend and will buy again. Thanks.
Review 23: Teléfono casi nuevo recomendado
Review 24: Screen was a little scratched but overall nice I wouldn’t call it “very good”
Review 25: I loved and appreciated the quick shipping I got! The phone itself is exactly what I expected and works perfectly. No issues at all!
Review 26: It came sooner that I was expecting, when I got the package and opened it up I was very pleased on the detail of the shipping package it was in. When I opened it up the phone looked just like it was described. I am very happy with the phone and it's condition. I am very happy with the ebay seller on his description of the item and the speedy delivery. I would recommend this seller to anyone who is looking for a phone at a honost and decent price
Review 27: Phone came as described, apart from a small scratch on the bottom left of the screen (expected since description said it could have them) the phone was in pretty good condition. Totally worth it for the price. Shipping was quick and the phone was also packaged securely. A charger (not original) was included inside the box and a SIM ejection tool was also included, the latter I don't see many sellers include so thank you very much for that! Would definitely buy again from this seller!
Review 28: Item arrived quickly and POS have very nicely. Came with a brand new charging cord and box and the phone was in revengeful coverture just as the listing stated. Very happy with my purchase and with this seller. Received an email after purchasing to activate my one year warranty and the process was all smooth and seamless. Highly recommend. Five stars
Review 29: Excellent prices and model choices. Superbly packaged for shipping. The 1 year warranty was emailed to me prior to shipping. Will save as a favorite seller.
Review 30: Arrived fast, delivered exactly as described, well-packed and great communication! Absolutely would do business again with vendor (and am, purchasing another shortly), highly recommend!
Review 31: Pleasure do deal with ! AA++ *T*H*A*N*K* YOU* !! for being a TOP 5 ★★★★★ eBayer ! Quality items, fairly priced, helpfull, friendly courtesy and just as described - swift shipping - excellent packaging - Highest recommendations !***! ª★¨¨˜ ª★¨¨˜ ª★¨¨˜ ª ... Thank you very much!
Review 32: This transaction was fantastic. The phone I purchased was as described, packaged professionally, and I was able to activate it immediately upon its arrival, which was on-time. I've already reached out to this seller to thank them for getting my order shipped within minutes of me paying for it and they responded right away. Highly recommend this shop, you won't regret any purchases made through them. Top notch.
Review 33: Excellent seller, fast shipping, and watch just as described. Very minor scuffs on exterior, but don't affect function. Came with working charger and new-looking band. Only thing was at first, battery was draining in less than 24 hours. I contacted seller to ask about changing the battery and if that might fix the fast drain. Seller responded right away, very kindly said I could exchange the watch or get a refund. I discovered battery saver mode and am now happy with it! A+++++
Review 34: Came as expected. No damage to the frame however there is a micro scratch on the screen but it isn't a big deal. Battery was at 99% health and easily lasts all day still. Shipping was fast and came packed nice and protective. I would absolutely recommend them to anyone because they were fast, easy, fair priced, came as described, and nothing was wrong with the phone.
Review 35: Excelente servicio, buena comunicación y descripción del producto. El paquete me llegó mucho antes de lo esperado. Gracias mil.
Review 36: Product was as advertised, packaged appropriately, and was delivered quickly. Excellent communication. Seller A+++++
Review 37: Product was as advertised, packaged appropriately, and was delivered quickly. Excellent communication. Seller A+++++
Review 38: The condition of the phone was as described, Excellent! There's one small scratch on the frame right next to the glass. An artifact of the referb is my guess. Cellfeee is a blazingly fast shipper. When they saw I was looking at phone they sweetened the pot with free upgrade to two day shipping and finally 10% off. No doubt Cellfeee made money. I hope so. I intend to buy my next phone from them. Communication was superb. All in all I couldn't seriously expect more. A+
Review 39: Excellent seller with great communication, very customer-friendly. The item came in careful packaging as described. Highly recommended seller - 5 stars!
Review 40: Excellent seller, communication and shipping super fast, the equipment is as described but mine came with a flaw in the back cover, I communicated it and attended super fast and friendly.
Review 41: I purchased my s21 plus last Friday. It arrived quick and well packaged. The phone was in the condition as described, a few scratches but nothing to noticeable. It was quick and easy to set my service up, and so far it's been a great phone. Shop with them you will not regret it. I'll be purchasing again from this seller in the future. Thanks Cellfree for an awesome phone.
Review 42: Absolutely perfect! Great transaction. Fast shipping. Great communication. Great warranty. Item came and appears in perfect condition. Love it! Great price. Very pleased
Review 43: Item as described, and arrived fast. Got it for a very competitive price. Thank you! Tested it for a week and everything works good. Phone came torn charger, and packaging was good.
Review 44: I like the price of it and when it showed up it was in a in a little box unwrapped it and there was no disappointment good seller
Review 45: Excellent Seller. The item arrived exactly as described. Fast shipping and the seller was always quick to respond. Overall had a positive experience. I will deal with him again A+++++++++++++++++++++
Review 46: I was nervous on ordering this phone since it was "good" condition and the description made it seem like the phone may have cosmetic defects and when I received the phone I could not find any flaws!! Literally felt like I opened a brand new z fold 4, the service, response time, and shipping is second to none. I highly recommend this seller!!!!
Review 47: I am very satisfied with the purchase, the shipping times, and the packaging. The item fully matches the description and is of excellent quality. Great seller, highly recommend.
Review 48: I’m still waiting for my SIM card from my carrier, but item was shipped and received in a timely manner. Phone seems to be as advertised. Seller was very easy to work with. I wish I had found a 128 go in my price range, but this one will suffice. Thank you Cellfree.
Review 49: Phone arrive quickly and was in the excellent condition as advertised. I had a question of the seller and it was also answered promptly. I would recommend this seller for sure and so far am very satisfied. I had to wait a week to leave feedback because my cell provider had to send me a new sim card and it was slow getting here due to holiday weekend.
Review 50: Communication was excellent, phone was as described, in very good condition, price was reasonable, shipping was fast and free. A+ seller. Thanks!
